Discourse is an organization committed to civil engagement and inclusive dialogue; in the past, we have programmed constructive debates as well as a three part series on the Baltimore experience, working hand in hand with community leaders and groups. The nature of our organization is manifold though, ultimately, we are focused on understanding the experience of others and building informed discourse based on that knowledge. 

With the destabilization arising from the Covid-19 pandemic, we recognize the importance of cultivating open, nuanced inquiry and partnership across the student body. We have noticed that numerous student groups on campus mobilize around the same issues and aim to support the same demographics in our community. As such, Discourse, acting as mediators, plans to create an open forum inclusive of the different political and activism groups across campus, . The goal of this forum is to help de-silo the resources and human capital of each student organization by fostering partnerships where activism efforts overlap, ultimately creating a student body that is more connected and cognizant of the beliefs and causes of their peers. The forum will be centered on a central theme or current event, and ultimately will act as a sort of mediated panel discussion. Each student polity will have a chance to speak and engage with each question asked in front of an audience.  We believe that a conference of these groups would not only strengthen student-student relations, but push the University into the future: to our knowledge, there has not been such a sweeping effort to bring iterant student groups together into one forum. Discourse recognizes that this is an ambitious, unprecedented effort. However, it is an effort worth pursuing. We hope that by the end of the event, the organizations involved will have opened up a dialogue with each other, and that all those in attendance have engaged with the democratic process and have a more robust understanding of how causes intersect with each other. 

This, of course, would resonate with the Agora Institute's mission of fostering democracy as the basis of any such forum begins with novel, constructive conversation. It will also bring the Agora Institute closer to the student body, increasing engagement with Agora Institute programming and building the skills of inclusive dialogue. Ultimately, Discourse in partnership with the Agora, will have promoted dialogue, cultivated exchange and engagement, and will have tested a new form of democratic debate and learning on the University campus. We are also committed to keeping a dialogue open with the Agora Institute in the planning of this event, such that this itself is an act of collaboration and discourse, and thus, we can create a most robust, innovative program. 
